our guest Republic of Ireland and
Arsenal defender David O'Leary it's nice
to have you with us thank you West Ham
and oldest shot that's what the FA Cups
all about isn't it yes and I couldn't
believe them you know they're still in
the replay yeah I can't see going any
further real david-and-goliath stuff
financially it's it's a tremendous
result for all the shop but I can see
West Ham scoring a lot of goals well
having said that you you would have
expected them to get a replay which it
was their tie they took it to West Ham
because they need the money we know all
about their financial problems they've
got a glorious nil nil out of it so why
what price then sneak exactly tonight
when you look at the defensive records
over the season I think Bar Hall they've
the worst defensive record and I can't
see Western letting them escape a second
time the West Ham United of course I've
got other things on their mind promotion
from the second division would be the
priority how much can a cut run mess
that sort of thing up I think you take
every game to come as an experienced
manager I mean I lost the West Hamlin FA
Cup final Billy Barnes was entertained
he knows what FA Cup final is about it
brings a great deal of success to the
club if you're going well in the cup it
brings a league farm on as well it gives
the fans a great appetite and at the end
of the day it's financially it's
tremendous rewards for the plants and
the club itself cos told him last year
they didn't hit their Cup run it did but
looking back the players wouldn't have
had it I don't think any other way I
mean you know you beat some team of a
Saturday you've got a cup game in a
Wednesday you know let's be damned and
really like are any of the successful
teams you play the next game wind out
and get on and as I say all the Western
players it's looking better it's great
to win a league championship but there's
nothing better to go out Wembley it's
the greatest day and I need players
career yeah I suppose it also saves you
having to train you got two or three
games coming at you in a week he's
turned up to go through that door but as
a player who played in three in a row at
the back end of the 70s I mean special
one was a bonus wasn't it three in a row
well we're like anything when were kids
growing up you look at the FA Cup find
your dream about it I've been all over
the world and I've watched FA Cup final
Ontario dice on various places around
the world and that everywhere from Hong
Kong
closes down and watches that and I never
appreciated and I took it for granted
really in my early
those are some got there three times and
it's rah and and the big Manchester
United was an absolutely fantastic day
for me particularly all the power steps
you used to see it on television and
dream as a kid doing those things into
habit for real was a fantastic fantastic
better than winning two nil at Anfield
it's my ankle Oh Dan I I honestly
thought you know the league championship
is the greatest thing to win our over a
period of time but I don't feel it was
like a cup final everything the way fate
had it everything was down and on the
night we knew what we had to do and it
was kind of like an FA Cup final if we
could have put it out Wembley it would
have been unbelievable it's been said a
million times hasn't it but this is all
the shots FA Cup final at Upton Park
tonight West Ham United again stole a
shot third round FA Cup replay our
commentary team Andy Gray & Marting
Tyler thank you Richard
good evening everyone
welcome to Upton Park where the ground
staff have worked wonders to give us a
fit playing surface on this very frosty
night
and a very healthy crowd here as well
West Ham this family club where there's
so much community spirit in the area and
they love their cup nights here Tony
Gayle leads out West Ham United
but Westham are top of the second
division despite a crop of casualties
the latest of whom is centre-back Colin
Foster
so Stewart Robson comes into the side
his first full game of the season but
Robson will play in the centre of
midfield with the number 10 Steve Potts
moving back into the middle of the
defense West Ham have been excellent
defensively but they have been
disappointed with their strike rate
Trevor Molly the number 11 the leading
scorer with 11 goals so far all the shot
field the same side which did so well to
draw here 11 days ago but then lost 6-2
it's come to up on Saturday
David Puckett taking his tally of goals
to 18 this the formation of manager Len
Walker Ian Stewart white on the left 31
caps for Northern Ireland in his days
with Newcastle and Queens Park Rangers
and goalkeeper Peter haka reached the FA
Cup final itself with Queens Park
Rangers that was nine years ago